How's everybody been today?
Yeah, good as well.
Busy day, but can't complain, right?
Yeah.
So, I'm pretty sure you signed two new clients, is that right?
For them, they're going to make clients do it.
You said you signed two new clients that we said?
No, you signed two new clients, was that right?
I literally just closed two new clients this week yesterday and today.
Two days ago and then.
Yeah, I had been working with those clients for a while.
I had been persistent with them, but it was more just like a timing thing for them really.
Yeah, they're both both big software clients, which I don't push software very often, but they.
I just knew me, knew I was in tech, knew as the automation stuff and.
Kind of just put one to one and decided that.
And then you can't talk to me about their ideas and.
Yeah, worked out.
Yeah, so that really shows the power of LinkedIn.
I feel like it's like they probably.
That's exactly it. That's the thing is like only then they.
They see what I do and what I post and then they kind of just get ideas like hey, he's doing a lot of these things.
That maybe don't seem super related to what I'm doing or what I want to do, but.
He's in that space. Maybe he always knows somebody that can help me with it, you know.
And then the conversation always starts.
And then it just kind of ends up.
Yeah, kind of ends up getting closed.
So.
That's the the beautiful thing of of LinkedIn is when you're kind of like already there in their minds.
And then they eventually just bite.
They eventually just reach out or reach out to them and have a good.
Good conversation and then they start just.
They start it all.
So.
I think we have a couple more people coming.
Just a few more minutes.
And do you know that some of the people are able to make it today, but.
Do.
No.
You.
So.
Or how are you doing, man?
It's been a busy day.
Kind of is here to read a kind of veg, a veg.
Take some notes, listen.
It's a.
All right.
We told him.
We'll be going.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
So ready to start.
Make sure we're recording.
We are recording.
Cording.
Transcribing.
Record here.
All right.
Well, looks like it's us for some of you might be trickling in.
It's good.
Get the same meter recorded.
And we'll get started.
I'll share my screen.
Okay.
So.
LinkedIn is one of the most underutilized.
Soft social media platforms on the market in my opinion.
It's just by standards alone.
And what a lot of people usually think of it is as like a platform
that you want to announce a position change.
You know, getting a job or if you're looking for a job,
it's a way to go and, you know,
be looked at by recruiters, a lot of recruiters use it,
which is good and that is true.
However,
that's only a small piece of its capabilities.
Honestly.
And that's at least how I looked at it.
Whenever I first started on.
On LinkedIn, I thought it wasn't much of anything to, you know,
go get leads or businesses.
I thought you had to get on the Facebook to get a minute to do it to the ads.
I thought I had to do a lot of difference.
I thought I had to do like a lot of cold calling to get my first lead.
And that is kind of what the industry makes it seem like at least.
Right.
You have to do cold calls.
You have to do outbound emails.
You have to do all this work.
And honestly put a lot of money and time into just,
just to get a couple of leads, right?
Just to get the pipeline started.
You have to do a lot of grunt work.
And what changed for me.
So, so give a little bit of backstory.
In 2024, I had started a venture.
And it was a software company building like a,
this was before AI was really big back in 2024.
And it was there, but wasn't really relevant.
And I was working on a project to build kind of like the best CRM out there.
A CRM that kind of beat all the rest, you know, beat the,
the go high levels, the sales force.
Just a really solid clean interface and functionality for service businesses.
Going really well, had good funding from an investor.
And then the pool dried up.
And it kind of left me to dry it.
I'd really, I'd stopped consulting and stopped building a pipeline.
And I was, I was kind of left out.
I was dry.
And that happened in about a October of 2024.
So me and my business part are trying to pick up the pieces,
try to kind of still make it work, make it have it,
make it happen.
And so we were kind of tripping along until about February of 2025.
And that's when things obviously seemed like they weren't going to go anywhere.
And it was kind of a dead end.
So at that point, I was completely jobless.
I had no degree behind me.
And we had two kids.
And we had just moved back to Texas from Utah to kind of start a life down here.
We were just renting well, you know, looking for home to buy, right?
The reason I get this back story is because I want to kind of share
what the situation was for me whenever I started on LinkedIn.
And this was again a year ago, only a year ago, barely past a year.
It was back in February.
And I was, I was broken.
I felt defeated.
I had like no chance of getting anywhere.
I felt like I was grasped.
We had any opportunity or looking for any option to, you know, find a job or to
get consulting work, but really nothing was working.
And so what I ended up doing was I got on LinkedIn to
look for jobs.
And so I applied to a whole bunch of different jobs.
And I obviously those jobs kind of don't do much.
I'm going to be applied to this thing.
They kind of go into this empty of this.
And you never really hear back from them.
If you do, it's a rejection letter.
And if you do get an approval, then not really much comes up.
Right.
Anyway, so it was really, it was really a feeding moment for me.
I couldn't really figure out where I was going.
Didn't know what I was going to do.
I didn't really found my identity.
If I was going to do anything on there.
And then I went and looked at this guy or no, I was on LinkedIn.
And if you guys don't know who this is, I would recommend you connect with him.
Oh, Jackson, Larimer.
He is an awesome dude.
Um, he has 11,000 followers.
Back when I, this was like only a year ago or a year or two ago.
One of my first contacts with him.
He had maybe 3000.
So he's really blown up.
But I looked at his profile.
And I was like, man, this guy knows what he's doing.
He's posted really quality content every single time he posts something.
It takes off.
It has really good, really good traction.
But there was one post in particular that kind of set it off for me.
And it was in January of 2025.
And he was talking about how he literally put a post out saying, hey.
I am no longer able to accept clients because I'm booked to the next.
And when I saw that, I was like, there is.
I got to do what he's doing.
There's no way.
There's no way that he.
He's doing this.
Like how, how did he.
Boat himself completely full.
So quickly, because whenever I first connected with him, he wasn't, he wasn't as big.
And he was still trying to get his traction, finding his voice.
But he was completely booked by January.
So I messaged him.
I was like, hey, man.
How did you do that?
How did you book yourself completely full?
Um, in such a short amount of time.
And he said, LinkedIn.
LinkedIn was his only driving force for his business.
He didn't spend any time on meta.
I didn't spend any time on anywhere else.
He focused solely on LinkedIn and dove all in.
Just jumped all into it.
And that's when I said, I looked in.
I was like, if it works for him, it's got to work for me.
Or at least, I hope it will, right?
Um, the idea was, if it works for him.
Then it could work for me.
So there was some sort of process or, or something he was doing that made it work.
Um, and so.
So then I got on this journey of.
Trying to figure out what I was going to do on LinkedIn.
And it was painful.
It was awkward.
I had never done anything of social media in my life.
Even in high school, I was not on social media.
I wasn't big on it.
Um, didn't know what I meant to post.
Didn't know what kind of content to do.
Didn't really know what I was going to post about.
Because, you know, I was.
Didn't really, I wasn't in that mindset of like putting myself out there.
And it took a lot of trial and error to understand.
Kind of what LinkedIn looks for, what people look for.
How to grow your following, how to kind of kickstart it.
And it took me about six months.
Gruelling months of.
Posting every single day.
Just whatever I had thought about.
I started out posting.
Um, about like reviewing websites.
I would go on and review websites,
because I was hoping I can maybe sell some website builds or.
Um, then I posted about teaching people people how to code.
I was trying to help people code and try to thought that was kind of a good thing.
Then AI really blew up in the summer.
And at that point, I was trying, I was, I had, I was consistent.
And I was posting personal things.
Kind of like trying to help people gain trust with me.
But then it's in the, with the AI boom of the summer 25.
That's whenever jam and I started picking up,
clogged, became relevant.
Chat with you.
We started to kind of put up, get put on their heels.
Um, Grok was kind of relevant back then too.
I started seeing, hey,
you know, you know, you know,
Grok was kind of relevant back then too.
I started seeing, hey,
this isn't going any way.
And people need this in their businesses.
And so that's whenever I started looking at tools, started looking at playing around.
And obviously stumbled upon an end.
That was the ultimate tool of tools when it came to both, you know, programming,
coding, automation,
um, AI, et cetera.
And I dug my heels in, started learning it, started building with it,
playing with it, and then started posting about it.
Now, the moment I started posting about it,
that's when things kind of started changing because I had a purpose.
I had a, I had a, a bias to what I was posting.
I had kind of a content pool that I could pull from,
meaning I wasn't just posting random things that kind of had a direction that I was going.
Um, and I signed my first client in August of 25.
So from February to August,
it was dry, you know, far in between,
maybe some projects from friends and family, et cetera.
But August is when it really,
I hit my first, my, when my first client,
and then everything sped up from August,
I don't know what the exact metric was.
I could probably go look, but I don't know how many followers I had,
maybe a thousand,
um, and August had about a thousand.
So from August is when things started picking up.
To now, I've grown from,
um, from a thousandish followers to nearly 3800 followers.
Right.
And if I come to,
let's go over here,
if we look at,
pass, let's say 365.
So now, so, so about that many followers,
and then in impressions, about 1.8 million impressions.
Right.
Kind of from,
from that period,
you can see to August,
September,
yeah.
So August started picking up.
And then November kind of spiked and had some other spikes in there.
Right.
Um,
the reason I'm showing this again,
I kind of wanted to lay a foundation to,
this wasn't something that I was just good at to start out with.
It was a learn process.
It was a grueling process.
But it is possible.
And I know I'm not the only one.
There's been several other stories of people doing this,
but I've kind of consolidated all of my.
What I've learned along the way into modules that will go over right now.
And I want lots of questions.
If you have them, obviously,
I know people are kind of in between things,
but if you have questions,
please pipe up.
Um, we can go deep on certain things.
We can go over how I usually do things.
This is going to be ultimately.
Um,
the funnel that I have that takes people from post to signing a deal.
Like I talked with a.
Like what's his dog like Doug was mentioning.
Just signed two deals this week.
So one for 18,
about $18,000.
Um, project.
And then I just signed another one for about 8K.
So.
This is kind of where.
I want to get you guys because it's not just luck.
It's not just by happen chances night by honestly just skill.
It's by following a rigid process.
And dialing it into your personal brand.
To where you can get repeatable results.
Um, weekend and weekend.
So that is the preface to what we're going to be going over today.
Um, I'll be going over again.
I'll be breaking down my exact funnel of like how I start from post all the way to DM all the way to lead.
And I want you guys to let me know if you have any questions along the way before we jump in.
Do you guys have any questions for me before we start.
Or comments.
Okay.
It's not we will jump in.
All right.
So marginal one.
This is the foundation.
All right.
So if you don't get this right.
And I'll share these slides with you guys afterwards.
You can take notes.
But I will be sharing this with you guys after.
If you want this right, nothing really matters.
Okay.
Um, meaning.
Uh, this is.
So before you hit the publish, you have to set the stage for who you are for your profile.
And, um, and also you have to set a standard for your posts.
Okay.
So the golden rule is you never want to pitch in your posts.
Right.
This is.
It never gains traction.
And I do now every now and then.
But that's because.
Now that I have my foundation, I can, I can let a post rip.
It's very potent.
It's like, Hey, this one.
I just did it for this course before here.
It's like, Hey, this is what's happening.
Here's a link.
Go by very sales.
I'm not very sad.
Just kind of very bluntly.
Hey, this is what's happening.
If you want to join, come join it.
Right.
Very effective.
It's because I already have the foundation piece together.
When you're starting out, you never want to just pitch.
Here's when you pitch.
It looks like, yeah, you're kind of desperate.
Very salesy.
And it doesn't get impressions.
It doesn't get traction.
Okay.
Those kind of posts.
And it's not really an algorithm thing.
It's not like a.
It is a.
Your community.
The people around you thing.
That matters.
If they don't think it's relevant or important, they will not engage with it.
And you want engagements.
You want people to view the post.
You want people to engage with the post.
You want people to comment on the post.
Okay.
So yeah, so never really post.
Never.
Never pitch in your posts.
Ever.
Because that's not the place to be it.
I think all but like if somebody sees it, then they'll do it.
And I can get it.
I can get a deal.
That's not the point of your post.
Your posts.
Think of them as ads.
So like anthropic made a huge push.
And the super bowl making these funny things bashing on chat.
Right.
They didn't.
I mean, they had like, yeah, go try clawed, but they didn't say, hey,
get a premium subscription now because you need X, Y and Z features.
They just made something entertaining, something funny, something catchy.
And they put it out there for people to get exposure.
You want and you need exposure.
So sometimes people call this engagement farming.
You can think of it that way.
You don't want to make posts to where they're only for engagement.
You want to provide value, but sometimes you follow a trend.
You follow some funny.
That is good because it gets eyeballs on your profile and on who you are.
So the biggest thing is going to be your profile.
Your profile is your funnel.
Okay.
So you want to treat your profile like a landing page.
Not like a resume.
Okay.
Um, what that means is.
Think of like a website.
You don't want to have a website that just lists out.
Like let's say you're selling software and your landing page is something.
You don't want it to just be a list of all the things that you can do.
All the features.
You want.
Sorry.
You want to be able to tell a story to the people who are coming to your profile.
To see very quickly.
What are they going to get with.
You.
Or what is your kind of offer?
What is your.
Your.
Why.
Who you are, etc.
So there's three things.
For this profile that you need.
You need to have the hook.
You need to have your pro.
Your proof.
And you'd have a.
CTA.
Called action.
Okay.
The hook is going to be your headshot and a banner.
Needs to look professional until exactly.
Exactly.
Want to tell people exactly what you do in three seconds.
Because they click on your profile.
They're going to see you.
In the image of you and they're going to see your profile.
Okay.
The proof.
You're going to use your bio and your feature sections to show.
Not just tell that you know your stuff.
So this is going to be.
This can be storytelling.
Kind of like.
What you've done for the clients.
It could be more about yourself and like what your journey's been.
And in your featured section will be.
Kind of like projects that you've done.
Or posts that you've not performed really well for people to kind of go and see.
And we'll go look at my profile and some of the profiles as well.
To kind of prove this concept.
And then obviously the CTA is going to be custom website button.
Or a newsletter button or community button, whatever may be.
Some sort of button that they can click and go engage with to.
To get to where they need to be.
Make it frictionless.
If someone wants to give you your money or 15 minutes of their time.
Don't make them hunt for a link in shirt booking.
It call is a one click process.
This comes from the.
The ideology of.
Ultramozzi.
He tells a story.
How he was at a gas station one time and a kid came out really quick.
It was a hey sir, you know.
I'm selling X Y and Z.
Would you like to.
To buy.
And he was like, look, dude.
Like no, I want to say down.
And he kind of pushed and he's like, look.
You know, you've got hustle.
I like that here.
I'll pay for it.
Okay, cool.
Let me.
Let me go get my card reader and I'll be right back.
You know, Ultramozzi was there filling up his.
His tank.
And.
Um, he got done.
He looks over and the kid is talking to another group of people trying to sell them.
He gets in his car and starts driving away.
And the kid comes running over.
Nucks on the windows like, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Like, I'm here.
I got my card reader.
I'm ready to ready for you to pay.
And the product was like 30 bucks or something like that.
And he looks at me goes.
This is going to be the most valuable $30 worth of.
Um, advice that I can give you.
Make it so.
Simple for people to give you their money when they want to.
That they will be able to do with how you even being there.
Right.
And the moral of the story was if you would have had the card reader in his hand.
When he first talked to Alex.
Ultramozzi, he would have gotten the sale.
Right.
And so.
Um, if you.
If you're posts are good.
And if they're engaging or if you're following some sort of training.
Give your own spin on it.
If your funnel is there, if your profile looks good.
And the proof is there, the call action is there.
That's great.
You have to give it and make it so easy for them to either give you.
Your money, their money or.
Give you their time.
And that is the key piece because if you get them to your profile,
you have to make it for make it easy for them to be able to get to you.
Or get to your website or get to a landing page or get to a booking link.
So that they will do it without you without you can have a really DM you.
Okay.
Any questions about this first slide before we move on.
I'm going to go into a kind of show you mine.
Show you others and kind of give you some examples.
Any questions.
Not for me.
No, you're good.
Cool.
I'm just going to say the same thing.
Yeah.
All right.
So let's over over to here.
So.
You're looking at my profile.
Immediately you got a mug shot.
This is important to have a.
You want your face to be consuming.
This is very simple and small.
But you want your face to be consuming majority of the profile shot.
You don't want to zoom down a picture.
You want to be nice kind of like by your shoulders and out.
Kind of get that head shot look shot.
The reason I say this is because I've actually been DMed by people who haven't even met me before.
And they're like, Hey, no, I really like what you're doing.
I'm interested in your in your service and products and you just seem like.
You know, by your post, but also by just how you look.
You look like a genuine person who I love to work with in the future.
I've actually been DM that.
So although simple and small.
Make sure you have a good mug shot.
If you get a knife phone, get a good camera ticket.
This was taken with a knife phone by my wife.
And cost me no money at all.
Get a good shot.
So first thing you see you see the image and you see their banner.
So this banner really quickly.
Says, Hey, follow me.
If you'd like to see true ROI from AI automation and agents.
So right out of that out of the gate, it tells them what I do.
So I teach people.
You know, at least they know something about AI animations and agents.
And in my call to action or kind of like my thing is.
I'm going to be showing you how to actually get a return on your investment.
Implying that most people don't get a return on their investment from AI
animation and agents, which is true.
I believe that people spend absorb amounts of money on AI and never actually
see the return that they put in.
And then, you know, something that's really, really stand out.
And then something short into the punch that this can be kind of salesy.
Like it gets them to get attached to their attention.
Hey, learn how to make your first $1,000 selling AI guaranteed.
And then put a link in the can I look down and look below.
And that's is, you know, whatever you're maybe you're pushing me or you're pushing a product.
Again, you didn't put in your post.
You weren't putting out there, but this only came to your profile.
Now is when you can kind of do some soft selling.
Show them what you're doing.
Have one offer that is super dialed in that you can sell over and over again.
Like, for example, this course, that's what I was selling at the time.
So I want one of the people to see that and it can be as easy as going checking out.
And they be there.
So header banner.
And then you have this is one of the most important pieces of your profile is kind of your.
Your headline, okay, because if you look at.
If you go to LinkedIn, when somebody sees a post.
The first thing you'll actually see is they'll see your profile.
They'll see your name and then they'll see your headline.
So the first, you know, seven, eightish words here.
Or that's way more.
I mean, yeah, about 10 words is going to be the most important piece of your headline.
You want somebody to say if they see your post or if they are scrolling through.
Let me see this guy.
What does this do?
Blowing up bad tech stacks and bad habits since forever.
Okay.
So he does something with consulting people on.
Take like going in and consulting people on their technology.
Like what they're using for the database, their software, etc.
And then he helps them.
Kind of like blow it up to reconstruct it.
Right.
Or I help small businesses owners, double their profits and exit on their.
Cool.
I'm interested because I'm a small business owner.
And I want to double my profit and click into it.
Okay.
Mine is your automation guy.
I teach you how to sell and or build a I primary choice, my point of choice.
And then the OG goes code or officially in a, you know, LinkedIn.
And get see feature feature posts.
So out of the gate, people know that I do something with automation.
And it's kind of fun.
It's kind of cats.
He's like, hey, he's not just, you know, like every other LinkedIn person.
You're automation guy.
Right.
If you need automation, I'm your guy.
And then I do something very blatant and very potent like I teach you.
How to sell and or build AI.
So like if we get into this is like kind of a shorter, shorter one right here.
But you are automation guy.
I teach you and it's like, oh, he teaching me how to do something.
Then I want to click on the profile, get to get, click on the link and get to his profile.
Okay.
And the idea here is you want to make sure this is very patchy, very.
I want to know more about this person because their post was intriguing.
And their heading headline was also intriguing.
That makes you want to say, hey, I want to learn what they do little more.
I will tell you, I when I first started out, I changed this.
Almost daily.
The biggest thing to know is you're not going to get this right the first time.
And I don't expect you to iterate.
Try something.
See if it fits well.
See if people resonate with it.
If you're, see if your profile view is go up.
You want to see this is really important because it kind of defines who you are.
And it's going to change throughout your process, depending on what you're promoting.
What you're doing.
This is crucial because it will help people see.
Game of snapshot in your 10 second elevator pitch or whatever it is.
This is what they do.
Okay.
So things I put in here specifically.
So yeah, I want people to know that I do automation and that they're automation guy.
I also want to highlight my courses that I am pushing right now big time.
So I teach people.
I teach you.
Person is looking at my profile.
How to sell and or build AI.
I put this in here because NAN is a hot.
Like a hot word.
It's a special word that people see.
Like, oh, he does automation, but he specifically does NAN.
Okay.
Well, I, I need NAN or I've seen NAN and I want to do it.
So putting like tools that you use are good things.
This is something completely personal and kind of my brand.
So the OG goes code because I have I have a ghost coders community.
I do these courses.
And so, so like, okay, well, I think it's kind of fun.
Like, what is a ghost code?
And then officially, I was featured or like, I got my post got screen shoted on this reddit thread.
That like roasts people's LinkedIn.
And it got it blew up.
And so I put that on there for people to kind of, you know, something fun.
The point of this too is you want to have people come to you and say, okay, they're not just a rigid.
You know, who is on LinkedIn to do X, Y and Z.
You want this to show your personality, what you do, what you specialize in.
But also LinkedIn is moving away from the rigid, corporate mentality and towards more flexible, almost fun and entertaining.
But still like, hey, I'm here to do business.
Like, I want to do business with you because I trust you one.
So the point of your profile and your poster to build trust to gain authority to show your authority and then to help convert people to your cause and obviously there to hire you.
Okay.
Any questions up to this point.
Okay.
So that is the header, the banner, your headline, and then this right here is going to be the magic worker.
So on LinkedIn, if you click on your pencil, you can come in and you can add a website to the very bottom.
So if you scroll all the way down, you can add a website.
And the funny thing is actually, I don't know every person has this.
I was talking with one of my buddies and they didn't have this section.
So if you don't have this section, I don't want to tell you because we're going to figure out why I did and they didn't.
But some people's profiles just don't have this website section if you don't, that's a shame.
But if you do, you're lucky because basically what this allows you to do is when they get on to profile.
They see, okay, sign up for my newsletter, cool, hit it.
And it goes straight to a website, a link in page.
Now, this can be a place where you can put book an appointment or, you know, sign up for your newsletter or.
Buy X, Y and Z or get your copy of X, Y and Z. This is kind of like your called action button.
You want this kind of be there for people to hit and get to where they want to go.
Next button, this is a premium option only.
I will let you guys know you need to have LinkedIn premium at least the business premium.
So I don't think LinkedIn has a good sales thing.
So but there is, there's a lot of different offers that they have.
Most people get the sales navigator, unless you're like in a sales role, not worse your time.
Because the point of this is to have primarily inbound, but then also a strictly on LinkedIn outbound strategy like a DM strategy that has nothing to do with needing to really look up anything in particular.
It's not really worth the money either.
So what you'll get is what I get and what I recommend is the business premium.
And so what that allows you to do is that allows you to see your profile viewers.
So you can actually see the people who are looking at your profile.
And then it also allows you to when you go to connect like it's go over here.
Just an M if I click on him.
And if I click on connect, I can add a note to my invitation.
Okay, so you have unlimited notes with premium.
So what this does is whenever somebody, whenever I send this connection request, if I send it with a note, it will allow me.
Whenever they go to their mind network and somebody is connected with them, then it will pop up with the connection request.
And then also a little snippet of what you had what you had said.
And then also once they approve once they accept your connection request, that will turn into a DM immediately will pop up in their DMs.
So very, very advantageous and crucial to the flow that I'm better presents.
So the reason I'm saying that is with with your premium as well, you also get this special button.
So there's this button, but then it's also this book and appointment button and that pops up on your posts.
So somebody can not even have to click on your profile.
They can click on this button and it'll take them to a difference place.
So this is one where somebody can come and book an appointment with me.
Now, there are certain strategies.
I always use the premium button to book an appointment because if somebody's scrolling through and they see what I did, they want to book an appointment.
It's really quick to just click on that, have it fired off and then, and then they can get to where they need to get to, right?
But there are other way other premium custom buttons that you can have.
So you can have visit my store, visit my website, be my portfolio, be my blog, be my newsletter or book and appointment.
Because these are like preset, like you can't change what these say.
So I think the most valuable one would be is book an appointment because if somebody's going through, you want to get them to talk with you.
And these appointments should not be any longer than 15 minutes.
The 15 minute window, it respects your time, but also leaves them wanting more.
So if you book a quick 15 minute call, you can get on with them, you can give them a quick demo, you can introduce yourselves.
And then if it's a good fit, then you can book for some more time.
Or you can just kind of let it roll over if you are able to, then you'll mind.
But if it's also if you see it's not a good fit, then you can kind of say, okay, cool.
You know, thanks for chatting.
Kind of a lot.
All right.
Let's go look at my notes real quick or make sure I'm like getting over ahead of myself.
Yeah, we're good.
Okay, this is all purely foundation work.
Okay, these are things that you'll want to look at and make sure that you have in place before starting the kind of.
Outbound credibility piece.
Okay, so yeah, so this one section right here, very important, very used.
And is the most crucial piece of your entire profile.
Okay, let's see.
So then you have your analytics.
This can be a good place whenever you're getting.
I'll show you the funnel in a second, but you're going to want to look at that profile views is going to be a really big one that you want to break down.
Your featured featured can have either posts or they can have links.
So you, again, like a landing page, you want to have so many places for them to engage with what you're doing.
So they come here, boom, they can sign up for my newsletter, boom, they can book an appointment or boom, they can come join my community.
Again, I'll show you a principle.
You want it to be so easy for them to just know or be able to say, hey, I want to book an appointment with them.
Boom.
Does he have a newsletter?
Boom.
I want to hear the community.
Boom.
For you guys, it might be, you know, for now starting off, it might just be a booking appointment.
But you can also showcase past clients that you did work for.
You can showcase posts that have performed well, kind of like proving proof of concept that people, you know, like your stuff or if you had a really good.
If you had a post that performed really well that got a lot of traction on sales, then you don't want to put that here.
But there's a lot of things you can put, like, yeah, post newsletter at an article at a link.
At media, you can put a lot of different things here.
This is also going to be a lot of trial and error for you to kind of figure out what sticks here and what makes the most sense.
For me, like I said, first one's a link to my community because I'm not pushing that anywhere else.
I want people to kind of see that there.
And then just kind of some fun post that performed pretty well just for them to see, hey, what is this guy's writing style like?
What can I hope to see from him, etc?
And then you get down and you got your activity.
Obviously, people can see what you're doing.
You can't have it set to be what you want to show first.
I will always put posts because I think it's the most important.
But you can put comments like if you're just starting out and you want to show like some really high performing comments, you can put that there as well.
Okay, then you get your experience in my experience.
And if you're going to use LinkedIn, I have used it, like I said, to grow to the following that I have.
And to generate the revenue you need, the experience section isn't all that important.
And I would say isn't really that important at all. Don't worry about too much.
Put your current company so people just know what you're doing.
And then again, there is just a final call to action button that you can put on here.
If you go to edit, you can edit this one and you can put media on your experience, which I would do.
Just put a link for some booking or some portfolio things, whatever you're doing.
That way, if they get all the way down here.
And they still haven't, if they haven't taken, they haven't bit, then they can't have one more chance to kind of get interacting with you in some way, shape report.
And then I mean, put some time into it, if you like, people like to kind of see what you've done.
But this piece isn't all that important. Don't worry about it too much. It is kind of just like a live resume.
And I was kind of a tour of the LinkedIn interface.
Yeah. Any questions so far? I'll just LinkedIn setting up the foundation in general. We're pretty good here.
All right.
Okay.
So tell me if you're going to go over this later.
I don't want to jump ahead, but it appears that you spend way more effort on your personal page than you do on your business page.
So you do this not on the business site.
Yes. Scott, very good. That's a really good question.
Your business profile is practically useless.
Do not. If you start, I've actually been thinking about this.
There's ways that you can, you can like repost a post as your company.
It doesn't really look that good. It kind of looks like you're kind of trying to promote your own thing or trying to like boost your own metrics.
Have it here. Again, and I actually wasn't actually wasn't going to talk about this at all.
And I'll tell you why. But while I'm here, this is a good place to have.
Many last minutes offers you can have something come in here to use a member.
So you can come here. They can message me right there.
They can look at my services and they can request a service.
So they can't do that. But in my experience, your business profile and your business page is useless.
It's worthless. Now, a place that you'd want to put things.
Unless you were kind of like a bigger brand, like you were an actual company.
Then maybe if you want to put on behalf of the company, like updates or anything like that, go ahead.
But for what you guys are going to be doing and what I did, your personal brand is everything.
They shouldn't even know what ghost code it is until they talk with me.
And then they can be like, Hey, what is ghost code? I think what do you do?
Because I see your posts and I just want to understand more about your services.
Great question.
Sounds like you can build an NAD and automation to copy those posts over.
Oh, too. To post it over to my business profile.
You can. Yeah, you definitely can. LinkedIn.
I honestly want to. I don't. I don't automate my LinkedIn.
Or the sole purpose that it is, my primary source of income.
I don't. I don't want it to be banned because LinkedIn will ban you very quickly.
I mean, there's the third party tools like Phantom Buster or Unipile.
You do a pretty good job that knocking the band.
I just don't run the risk. But yeah, and it could help me copy and paste.
I saw you go on mute for just a second. I don't know if you're just going to mention anything or if you had anything.
Any questions?
Yeah, I was just kind of.
It's curious if you would like look at our.
Profiles and then like let us know like.
If you could, if you're like fix our or like, you know, make recommendations to our like.
LinkedIn's in anyway.
Absolutely. Yeah.
That's um, let's look at yours real quick.
And then we'll, we'll kind of go over.
To just upgrade back and say this.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, so first off when I first come up.
Nothing's here.
So you're.
So the first. So again, I know, I know you just because I know you.
I know you're not like fully doing this yet.
But if I were to come to you to do some like automation.
My first thing would be you're not utilizing your banner to show either proof of concept or an offer or anything or like what you do.
If I got here, I'm like, dang, he just has a nice picture of a.
Ocean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because like what we, we, like it's like what you were talking about earlier too is like.
You were saying that like LinkedIn is moving away from like the like the very like.
Hi, Brad.
So like, I feel like I'm kind of like.
Because like I do.
I do work.
But.
Orbit nine and nine to five friends.
So like I'm trying to like.
Showcase my like experience because I do work with.
And one of the big four.
Yeah.
Like what do you recommend that I put both or would you?
Yeah.
Like what do you say out there?
My personal opinion.
Your profile is your profile.
Like they, you can post what you I would.
I would say.
I mean, unless they have a strict like you cannot post anything.
Like it's like a work of your own business or your own thing.
Like.
Even if you even if you're like looking to clients you still want to build your like who you are.
So like you can.
Again, I can maybe do like a non-compe or something.
You can still post like personal projects you're doing.
Or like a book sometime with me just a chat with me.
If you want to start building a pipeline.
Or you can just be like a source of.
either content or news or something so that when people think a automation they think a
Doug and maybe they don't think of hiring right now maybe they're like hey dude like I know
you work for PWC but could I hire you to build something you don't lose out on the opportunity.
So I would say there's no like you should just use this as if you were maybe not hardcore selling
because if you are working with another company and for any reason you can't then you obviously
don't want to do that but put on here like the automation architect that can help you with
your solutions or whatever. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm like from a like a
clients perspective I'm not really like too worried about that like I'll make sure that like you know
like if I'm if I'm able to do both like I will yeah I was just kind of kind of curious like
because I feel like I feel like leaving leaving Pete WC on there would be like a good way to like
let people know like I know like yeah yeah absolutely I would say leave it on there yeah
definitely because like like you're like you were hired by a big for firm to do exactly what you're
saying you're doing very good proof yeah but yeah okay so then like as far as the
banner goes you think I should like do I put like my offer to I would just put like something else
that's not a you know a nice picture of a waterfall do something do something with it it should
not be just a picture um like a good example somebody whenever you're on LinkedIn I copy people
all the time because you know I mimic people all the time I like if you see something you like
on mine do exactly what I'm doing the exact same format but make it your own somebody did this a lot
whenever you're first starting out you have to mimic somebody who's been there before who has
success and then just spin it off on your own so somebody I follow often and if you're not following
this guy on LinkedIn you need to follow him um keep doing that college it looks like it's supposed to
stretch it but it's actually strong like look here look right here nice profile pic immediately
follow me if you want to spend less time chasing leads and more time living life you can write
authentic posts that make strangers want to hire you free training in future like immediately I'm
like holy crap this guy I want to follow him because at least I'll learn something or two about
you know living my life that I want to live in not chasing leads um and then he kind of gives like a
empowering me statement like hey you can write authentic posts and strangers and make
strangers want to hire you free training in future like literally boom and then and he goes on
he uses his feature as as his called action button clicks on it I go straight to wherever he needs
me to go to boom right yeah right um see I do something with it yeah and he did too was he he
targeted is like ICT that he's trying to yes yes I'm proct too right so I think that's a big thing
as well yes make sure um make sure you are being very specific in whatever you're doing be specific
yeah yeah um good Corey Scott do you want me to review yours guys as well
minus terrible Corey's good years man no mine mine is set up to to get a job
not for this yet I haven't had time to do it so we'll review it some other time
perfect is this one you Corey yeah the first one is made perfect
Corey not even not even a not even a pretty picture no I'm old man I'm old you're
old I'm gonna have like you guys dude you don't have to be like you can be I'm not young you
at least need a waterfall on the back you need at least a waterfall or a water side image you
gotta have something um but yeah obviously you know right here like this is this is like what
LinkedIn used to be just telling who you are like enterprise let's start taking that's what I've
been you know I've been on LinkedIn since the beginning and that's the way it's been since uh
15 years ago yeah exactly oh yeah it's good back to call and look at this vibin and Alaska okay if
you know who this guy is um you'll know that he's kind of like this alaskan um cinematographer who
does crazy photoshoots crazy videos for ads for companies big brands so he has
this is the shortest I've ever seen his um his headline but his wife's account he has been he's
been working on getting that one grown if you want good content ideas look at um look at her profile
because they didn't say this publicly but I what I follow this guy very closely and he heard his
wife's profile was at like 400 something and in the last three months they've grown it to 6K
um and so look at hers right here I run Alaska as production company
buried to the point like holy smokes I know exactly what she does and she's being very direct
so she's in Alaska and she does a production company and it's like they are the production
company in Alaska so very to the point and very point on what they do and it hers
follow me for epic elastic content and the life behind it does that to be crazy just put something
out there that that you're you're pushing your promoting that you like that that you're passionate
about put it out there and then have a nice sort of background to kind of catch people's eyes right
yeah yep sweet um okay any other questions on the foundation work actually I've been thinking
about my I need to fix my I need to make this look a little better updated but any questions
okay sweet all right let's get back over here let me go to the slides because we're gonna get
added quickly all right now how do I get started people ask me all this time how do you get started
I actually didn't start this way um I'll be up from with that I wish I would have from what I know
that's why I put this in here what I did was I said I'm gonna post every single day
and I I'll tell you guys what I think you should do at the end um and that is one of them I think
you should post every single day doesn't matter what it is I have a framework that I hope you pick
you a certain post but it needs to be every single day um anyways but from starting from zero
how do I get moments and you're like man my profile has no traction I have
how are people like you can you keep saying the profile views are important how do I start
game profile views if I make a post and just flop so it gets like maybe a couple hundred if that's
impressions and maybe a like for my best friend or my coworker somebody no you know I get it
that's where I was at like people are just kind of liking it people that are really new the way
you start is get started in the comments so when you know audience your best tool is in your own
feed it's everyone else's leave insightful high value comments on big creators post to siphon
their visibility because here's the math if somebody is in here we're going to go to look at this one
so this one got 13 about 14,000 impressions you know 2018 reactions that in the comments 12
repost very well performing post um you want to live in these comments
because down here like look at this guy Brian Simmons his comment alone got nine reactions
like a lot of posts don't even get that many reactions the nine reactions and basically like six sub
comments some replies um and so from this one post people were seeing his pose his comment
and that got him visibility to where again if they see you here because I because this post
performed I had 13,000 impressions that means this post probably got anywhere from a thousand to
3,000 impressions from a comment alone you didn't have to come up with an original idea you
don't have to come up with a nice looking image and nice looking hook you have to do anything
you just got to live in the comments and you got you had a insightful I found that the most
valuable AI in helping me articulate my thinking good thinking isn't enough because it isn't as
engaging where it's exciting as my own thinking to me at least what you guys can read but
but essentially he did not and and please whatever you do do not just say great post or loved it or
never use the generic on the phone they'll give you kind of quick words
add to it or contradict them be contradictive on LinkedIn if you don't agree with them just say
you don't agree with them hey I don't agree with that I go like um don't be offensive I have
people be very very rash on some of my posts but but even then like sometimes I'll post a
controversial thing and people get really heated in the comments and to me I'm like I don't really
mind because more visibility is better performance for my post more eyeballs on me and that's good um
so commenting on somebody's post does two things for you one and there's three things for you
there's a lot of things I didn't count them before but we'll start with three number one is
it gets you visible from that one post so that post does really well if you're one of the top
comments so you want to try be one of the top comments if you're one of the top comments people will
see your post your comment first because they'll usually see a really good post and they'll say
have the comments they click on the comments they come down here and they can read the most relevant
which are the best performing or they can go to most recent and they can see you know what the
most recent was so um but you want to get be kind of one of the first ones there so you get your
you get people seeing your profile because the only other way you can get seen is in somebody's
feed and you're guaranteed to not be in their feed but if you show up in one of their one of a big
person's post or somebody that they just know so so I'm kind of all over in this piece but um the
comments you don't have to do somebody who's big like I don't consider myself somebody big um I mean
I'm bigger than some other people and I'm gaining traction but you kind of want to find people like
me who 70 percent 80 percent 90 percent of their posts don't go viral um but they have good
content they have a good traction they have a good following um those are the people you want to
get so you don't want to like do a comment on Alex Ramose's post or some big person because
you also kind of just get buried unless unless you want to try that um but people really see you but
if you get into somebody else's network like you want to kind of siphon off people from like if
you want to come siphon off of mine you know that people who follow me are looking for AI
automation and so find people like me or relevant and go comment on their post and engage because
it does two people first these two things one you get in their feed and they in other people get
to see your profile and they can react to it they can comment on the comment gets you engagements
like a post under a post to you make that person happy because you just commented on their post
I can't tell you somebody who's been doing this I can't tell you the how happy it makes me
when somebody comments because I know somebody comments and if they like the post then that boosts
my um visibility it boosts the post and the post performs better so you're you're about to get on
that person's good side so if you comment on it they're already happy with you and they're
grateful for you because you posted and not only did you post a hey great thoughts you posted something
that is actually engaging because if you see that you'll engage back you'll reply to the comment
and you get kind of a conversation and so it not only gets your visibility it doesn't not only
does it make the other person happy but if you're wanting to make connections then if you made a
comment on somebody's post that you're not a first degree connection with you can then reach out
do a connection request do a add a note and say hey I loved your post thanks so much for your
insights I'm going to put this into practice etc etc and then they will more than likely
connect with you and now you're building you're following because if you're connected with them
and if they see your post and you've engaged with their posts and they will start engaging with
your post and if somebody like myself who has almost 4,000 if I engage with your post and if I
comment on your post because it's good then that gets pulled into my feet and so you're
so this this concept of you're siphoning their visibility you need to lean into that
Corey I want to talk to you because you mentioned it LinkedIn used to be very poster boarding
like oh I did this congratulate me oh congrats good job oh wonderful it's so good
it needs to be engaged you need to be engaged on LinkedIn I am on LinkedIn on 24.7 I'm if I'm not
in a call if I'm not working my project I am on LinkedIn scrolling through but not just scrolling
like doom scrolling I'm scrolling it actually actively looking for good comment good posts good
comments good people that I want to follow that I want to engage with because I know that if I
build my following if I build my pool of people even if they're in the same realm then that's
just only builds my visibility because I comment on them somebody sees my profile in the comments
they react the original poster reacts to my comment we engage we connect now every time they see
my post they'll do the same thing it's a very there's a lot of reciprocal effects to being active
on LinkedIn the pure fact of being active on LinkedIn will boost your chances and guarantee that
you will find a connection to do business with if you're just active every single day on LinkedIn
kind of threw a lot out there any comments or questions specifically on
commenting on somebody else's post gain visibility and kind of siphon that's reach
okay the other thing too if you look at the comments a lot of times you'll find so yeah so okay so
that's a good thing other people can see you now you want to be on the offensive as well
on LinkedIn you don't only want to be on the on the like in the inbound you want this to become an
outbound machine okay so where are you going to find people that are your ICPs that are interested
in somebody else's stuff it's going to be in the comments so let me show you let me break down
right now a funnel that you could do two nights and build it would one it would build your your
visibility or build your network and it could potentially even land your client tonight
I'm saying that's going to but like it could that's how good this is you go find let's say let's
say mine for now this post I teach AF for living and I'm telling you to stop using it so much
sounds crazy right and then I go through kind of talking about how you need to first use your
intelligence before you let before you let AI amplify it um AI's a tool your brain is the engine
don't get it twisted really really straightforward post but it has the AI aspect it has you know
a little bit of controversy so the people who are going to be engaging with this are people who
either want AI need AI or craft some sort of relevance to AI okay let's say I'm Doug and Doug
sees my post because he's connected with me he goes and he looks at the the the people who have
commented now look here amber young is a second degree connection I'm not connected with her
that means she is a prime prospect you also and then and then you use their headline as your own
um funnel to kind of like get keep who you're reaching out to unless you want to just grow
everywhere you kind of want to find a good not niche but just a I am under the belief you kind of
connecting with as many people um to kind of grow my reach because even if they're not interested
they might know somebody who's interested or they're like this lady is a social media operations
but that means she works with a CEO or she works with a manager or she has something to do with
technology and she knows their technology department um so don't get too close minded of like oh
they're not my ICP I can't connect with them um I can't engage with them because it's gonna be
a deadly I think if they being if if you want to um and if they meet certain requirements like maybe
geographically you want them to be in the US um maybe they're in a similar industry like she is
in tech technically because she's social media that's kind of who you want to target so like um
anyways but regardless I look at her profile picture I look at her name I look at her
heading and I say okay social media operations nine years she got experience she's probably
high up in that company and she's a second degree and I actually I actively form my own comments
section this one I looks like I stopped um I didn't go all the way up or maybe she hasn't
accepted my connection request but I will farm my comments for these kind of people so what I do
you can do on my post so then you go here you say okay Amber young let me go click on her profile
let me read her up let's see what you got here okay she got 24,000 followers holy smokes okay so she's
a pretty pretty relevant person um did I kind of look at this like this I look at what she does
social media operations nine plus years I built teams of systems at scale made little brands cool
then what I do is I come over here and I click connect add a note and then
sometimes when I first start I was like what the heck I don't want this to sound like a salesy like
hey I would like to connect or hey um you know I don't know you don't want to sound too salesy or too
too crazy you want it to be normal and natural so what I would do the template that I use is like
hey um see what the beauty let's go hey um I saw you commented on my post um wanted to
say hi and introduce myself and then I put something about her I say um
um I saw you have been in the social media space for a long time hello how has it been adapting to
yeah okay now from right here because you need some sort of warm touch to it don't just connect and
just blast all these connections out like that's you might people might just connect with you but you
wanted to be personal because you want them to connect with you and immediately start a conversation
this is literally what I do a lot of the my time on a day because I'm sourcing these leads I'm
growing my network and I'm actually connecting with people I do believe LinkedIn is a true place
where people want to be actually connected with they want to be superficial they want to have a
real conversation with you and when you do that it builds rapport it builds connection it builds
purpose and then it builds a client okay so um I'm just gonna send this one so you commented on
one of my posts a while ago this one's different because there's a while ago I want to say I
introduce myself I saw you've been in the social media space for a long time hello how has it been
adapting to AI and it's then so that's pending and when she accepts this it will then pop up in my
DMs and then I can communicate with her from right there okay so again let me all wrap this up
for this piece and then I'll open up for any questions we can kind of move on but
start in the comments because if you're not confident with making a post that you know you're
going to perform because it won't perform at the beginning it just won't it's not going to
perform to where you want it to be where you need it to be your performance needs to be in the
comments of somebody else's post and you need to be connecting with the people in there because
then you have something you can talk to them about right out of the gate and it has to be forced
it doesn't have to be scary you can say let's go look at them with somebody else let's go look
at them one more time it's gonna be those recent thing goes to you know Montija Vladimir probably
want to connect with him because I know he's not in the U.S obviously um but Marcus Collins founder
at Salvei just click on this guy um then what I would do is I would read his comments I would say okay
what do you say it's not about using it it's not about not using it no more it's about it's just
about how to use both of them together to get the best outcome possible great whenever you
connected them you say hey you know I saw your comment on so and so's post I thought I was pretty
insightful loves that way you have to say about it what I just wanted to drop in say hi I want to
connect um and then you ask a question about them and you say hey you know tell me about like
what's all day I what's that what's that what's that what you got going on there and then it starts
a conversation because then what does this do you get in it's a warmly and then if you ask them
a question about them 95% of the time they will ask you in turn and that then gives you an
opportunity to talk about what you do and you then talk about what you're building or a specific
offer that you have and you make a very nonchalant we'll go into DMs in a second but um your comments
section and a lot of times these comments can perform very very well I've had some comments in the
thousands in been impressions and in reactions and in the tens like several reactions several
impressions and they get me really good traction all over the place and so you're giving you're
receiving great place to start any questions about comments so that was a pretty big ramble there
questions about this strategy question about how to do it so it's time to go on other people's
posts and find their well whoa so you're saying like to engage with the people that comment on
your posts but then also finding other people that have commented on other posts and then engaging
with them as well yes correct so so for instance Colin stront I know he's got a big following
so let's go over to his most recent posts I've been clawed broke for 30 this is really funny post
it's got so much reach I mean 355 reactions 131 comments what I would do is I would jump into the
comments and then I would come over here and probably just do I mean you can do relevant but I
probably just do let's go load more comments and let's go do most recent whatever sweet so let's
grab it all right Audrey Audric Carpenter she's a second she's a founder and CEO oh sweet that is my
ICP of the content of OS weirdly where does the 300 3000 days come from when they've only been
like 9 to 50 so she's obviously taking the bait of what Colin was doing because not possible to be
up have been a clawed broke for that long so then I would come in I would farm his comments I would
jump in here I would do a little bit of research on her sweet she's she's a pretty pretty big
following I would come in here click on more click on connect I don't know and then right up my my
little my little connection request to her hey larger I thought it was funny what you said on
Colin Strong's post that guy cracks me up there's no way that he's been on there for 3000 days because
hasn't been around that way so it was funny wanted to say hi wanted to introduce myself and then how
has it been at content hub two questions that work really well don't say don't ask like
tell me about content how make it like a like what I've been doing recently like hey how has
AI affected content hub or hey tell me about content hub and what like why you started it make
it very conversational because you do want to create true connections the my best clients my best
followers I know them on a very personal quote unquote personal level and I mean my best friend
now best friend Jackson Oaks I didn't know him before I met him on LinkedIn him and I connected
we were in a similar space we have passed thousands of dollars of business between each other
just because we knew each other on LinkedIn and we just started a true and on his conversation
so don't make your connection request at all pitchy or salesy it will not go well and it won't
get you anything that you're hoping for or give them what they need so yeah answer question
I go to somebody else's post that I know performers well and I farm their comments now once
you get to the level where your your own posts are performing like like mine those posts that I have
I go and I farm my own posts because they're a little bit more they're a hot they're a hotter touch
a hotter lead because they're engaging directly with me and then I usually spend most of my most
one time now engaging with those people but getting started go find somebody else engage with them
and build your following that way cool interesting strategy for sure yeah um any other questions
again the the good thing of this is it it takes away um it takes away the the fear but I mean
sometimes it's it's you're not if you're not already posting a lot on LinkedIn or on any social
media it can be daunting to be like hey I have to post and it's also it it gets a little discouraging
whenever you're posting and I know I did it for six months and like in a row of posting and not
getting any traction or like man is this actually working when you go the commenting route
you're already feeding off of somebody else's reach and it kick starts the process even faster
gets you connections it gets you followers it gets you people you've engaged with them now they'll
more than likely engage with your stuff now that they see it so starting the comments the comment
of connection don't you look at don't look at the creator look at the people in the comments if
somebody says something smart that's potentially their partner um sorry when you sent a
connection request and there is a generic template mentioned the specific thought they shared in
the comment proves you're human not a part um yeah you don't ever want to seem like your
AI okay any questions before you move on past starting from zero
yeah next up content creation and cadence okay so let's say you're starting to build up your
you're following and even before then um I'm gonna give Kelly's that one kind of give a
homework piece a what I would recommend you do and also it's gonna be tied to the guarantee
the I guarantee $1,000 within the first three months in order to claim that guarantee you gotta be
actually doing what I recommend you do if you want that guarantee if you don't then you can kind
of just take what you have and use how you want to do it um but my recommended formula I'll give
at that at the end but um but the next piece is when you're actually going to go create content
there is a rhyme and read them some rhyme and rhythm to it and it's a proven rhyme that I've done
all my posts follow this framework this format um so yeah so now your your profiles ready
let's feed the beast um what do you post there are three buckets that all of your posts should
fall into don't just post to post into the void have a purpose three things it's the I learned it
from a prominent ghost writer on LinkedIn his framework is called the gap framework g a p
gap framework and this is broken down as growth
authority person all of your posts should fall under one of these buckets one of these categories
growth authority and personally the way that I my spin on it is building in public
personal and memes and repurpose the grades okay um build in public in my opinion is authority
personal and memes is uh personal and repurpose the grades is growth
so um yeah so once a post build in public okay for those of you who aren't looking to build build
um this would be more like implements like for example let's say open cloth is really big right now
for whatever reason for good reason but for what a reason building in public would be like hey
I just spun up open cloth and I as somebody who doesn't know anything about technology this is
what I did here's what I found okay so share the Roger the wins and the messy behind the scenes that
this builds massive authority okay it shows that you're doing what somebody wants to pay you to do
or you want somebody to pay you so for my content my authority is all um n a n stuff I post all
the time about cool things that I'm building I just posted um today on yeah so it's simple process
of the GITROI local n a n plus local LLM equals native i message capability and zero token cost
for client and it's a picture of my n a n workflow so it gave me opportunity to boost my
personal authority saying I am currently building these kind of tools that I know you want to buy
and so it shows this this these kind of posts will show people this is what I want to hire him for
if he's already building it then I know he can do it for me so it proves your authority it gives
it proof of concept it also gets people thinking of what they can do now if you're not actually building
you can also lean off of somebody else like hey uh just saw this person build this except it's kind
of going to be going over it's going to be kind of tripping into repurpose of the grates but this
category needs to be what you're actively doing if you had a really good prompt or a really good
interaction with Gemini if you had a really good um if you're doing whatever you're doing just
post about it tell the story make it engaging from people that where they when they see your profile
they see your content they can say hey just what he's doing right now I want to pay him for that or
or I resonate with it okay um second is the personal group this is your personal and memes okay
so people buy from people just a personality so you don't look like a corporate robot all right um
so for example a recent meme that went very viral ahead so I had this one this one was pretty
funny this is if you know a sequel to the technical world that one performed really well um
um and then see here this one right here so there's been got 38,000 impressions 276
comment reactions five repose 73 comments really well performed post all it was was I found
and this again this is kind of double dipping but this is a meme so I'm sorry I know something
worked very hard on this I thought after two years my feelings were paid but the cyclogo
is four ducks all sniffing each other but it's and I'm tired of pretending it's not and that's
what that that's what the logo looks like um and so I just put oh so that's why it stinks but I'm
it's because I I don't like slack I don't use slack and so it was personal um somebody asked me
about like hey why don't you like them like and get the reasons but then it's just as it was two
sentences ah so that's why it stinks but I'm happy for everyone and it performed very well I
formed and I'm actually continuing to farm I now have 276 people that I can potentially farm
um connections with but it's not like it's not like bad farming it's like they now have a
a personal connection to me because they found my post funny and they or they were they disagreed
with it or they're like a lot of these were all saying these are comments but you know I can't
unsee it some people put some other funny things in it um these kind of posts are really good to
kind of inject yourself into you because um people will laugh they they want to kind of put the
two cents etc um so yeah so personal so this is memes is really good for reach because people
just want to laugh when they're on LinkedIn which is different than the past is to be very strict
very rigid there's a big push these days to see more of these memes more of these kind of like
Instagram TikTok ask things um but you can still relate it to your line of work like this was
about Slack very technical very automation you can there's a lot of any and connections with it so
it's very um this one was yeah ask them to upload their resume and I make them type it all the same
information now auto reject them from a no reply email in another two minutes so comical but still
on on brand make your memes on brand don't make them completely out of the wazoo make them either
a personal connection to you or something that you're you do in the industry right um so these
are the meme aspect then personal see if I can find one I've done recently um here so eight years
ago I was fresh out of high school in the middle of Mexico city learning a foreign language
and surrounded by people I didn't know right picture of me when I was 18 barely barely 18
um that pretty good reaction get reached these are more I'm showing you who I am and that I'm a
real person these are very good posts because it builds your report and your trustworthiness
with other people in their eyes um and I've had all majority of my clients a lot of them will say
hey they'll come and they'll buy from me out of the go like out of the gate because they've seen
me post personal things now don't get like two personal if you don't want to or don't share
everything about your family like if I ever share any pictures about my family I always cover my
kids faces um or whatever maybe I don't give anything to personal but just make it make them give
them a sneak peek into your life this also gives you an opportunity for them to see how you think
and that's really good because then they'll be like hey I think like him I want to follow him and
follow his journey and I've had people who have followed me a couple months ago and then they reach
out to me like hey I really resonate with your story um I love what you're doing only more about
AI tell me about how your business runs and I start a conversation like that and I close the deal or
they know somebody and then I get a deal from that it's all building this web of reach and as you
build this web of reach you what anything that comes in is a funnel a funnel builder because they
start on a post they start on a comment and then they get into your DMs then you get into the DMs
you have a conversation you close them on a on a on a scheduled link or on a purchase link and then
you continue building out from there okay so that is personal and memes then repurpose the great
fine experts who are already winning take their successful storylines tear them down and
rebuild them with your own unique perspective so what this looks like is this what I said minute
people so there's a really prominent guy named who Linus oh Linus I can't remember his name um
oh this guy I just couldn't see his oh yeah this guy this guy's got nearly 700,000 followers
okay but he posts things like this right here golden sacks drop the most uncomfortable AI
set yet 450 billion was spent on artificial attention last year but it didn't produce RY
yep I can I go didn't do anything and it has a funny little meme with you know same on its face
and then a big storyline and then you can see he has some watermarks here I would I almost what I do
is that coming here and I would take this image and repurpose it I would literally just take
this either screenshot it take it right here before I would find an image like this for my own little
thing and then I give my own synopsis of what happened I read up on the story he go in the sacks
dropped it let me read up what's going on here let me go find like an actual news article um and then
I would repurpose this because like when it's got really good reach it's obviously a really hot
topic people are interested in it these kind of posts on the repurpose the grace or growth
they're not always there to just boost what you're doing they're trying to show people hey I want
to follow him because I learned something new I learned something cool or I learned that holy
smoke that's a crazy statistic that there was zero economic growth from AI why is that and then
at the end of the day you can drop like a little small call to action like hey um if you want to see
what real ROI looks like and not like what we're all experiencing you know we'll have to connect
with chat with you and so oftentimes what I'm doing is when I'm scrolling through my feed
I am looking for those kind of posts I'm looking for memes or I'm looking for relevant news articles
that's that catch my eye um and that's a funny that's a fun this guy I follow him is usually
pretty funny memes um I'll repurpose this one or see if we can find a news article one but anyways
essentially you go down and you just find good stories that you can repurpose to kind of boost your
own growth and in doing that that then kicks off the cycle because then if you have someone that's
relevant people will react to it people will comment on it and then that is in and of itself that
post becomes a funnel and then you can engage with those people you can reach out to those people
you can follow those people and start having conversations any questions to this point about
what to post the kind of frameworks of the authority the growth authority in personal buckets
yeah so whatever whenever you sit down in a day you can think and this gets into the daily cadence
I post very often a lot of LinkedIn gurus will say to posts three times a week five times a
week um once a day most times three times the generic recommendation is three times
some people say posting too much hurts some people say yeah some people say posting too much hurts
I have never I've not seen a valid argument with that in my own testing and experience
sometimes when I post little I get a little reach I post a lot I get a little reach I post little
sometimes the post will pop off I post a lot sometimes a post will pop off what I'm with the
part the part part of me talking about this is if not so much how much you're posting as long as
you are consistent I do think it's supposed every day at least post consistently but what you're
posting make it be posting content or something that you're passionate about or that you're
interested in and let's the people decide whether or not they want to engage with it and don't worry
so much about all that I posted at this time I post this type of content do I which one I post
just be consistent whatever you're going to do and do it what I have found whenever you are
starting out again you kind of need to find your own cadence you need to find what fits for you
but if I was starting out I would make sure that you always have something one of your posts
falls in these three categories and then what I have found is morning posts need to be news or
training articles sometimes they will not get traction if you're like hey I built this really
cool thing or hey this is who I am the personal and the authority posts never perform well in the
mornings what performs well in the mornings is news articles and topics because if people hop
on the LinkedIn they want to find something that's catchy they're usually like in the news mode
or they want to find something to laugh at before they get to work or whenever they're in their
to kind of like in their group they're stopping to take a break from at work or during the day they
want to kind of hop on see something that's relevant so it's interesting to see something that's
funny they won't get that will get good engagement then in the afternoon your afternoon hours are
at least for me again I'm saying this out of experience and just from my experience I've seen
what other people do the afternoon time is your prime time for posting authoritative
or like a strong called action post like I said don't sell out of the wazoo but in every post you
want to kind of drop a link or you know hey connect with me have some sort of call to action
but the afternoon hours for me central time anywhere from about 3 to 6 p.m very very good engagement
and that's because people are getting home they're hopping on their their LinkedIn or they're at
the end of work and so they're kind of like sluggish they're slow they're hopping on LinkedIn and
kind of scroll through CEOs were get on to kind of like look at things by 3 to 6 is where it will
begin the traction into the night it will it will give an opportunity kind of like ramp up
the engagement to then say that because the how how how the LinkedIn or how grow their works is
you have about an hour it's called the golden hour you haven't been an hour for that post to
perform before it goes quote unquote fire now that's not always the case I've had posts that
started out really slow and then kind of picked up but the difference is those posts that ended
up picking up because it just was it was a solid piece of content they usually peeked at about
you know anywhere from 3 to 5,000 impressions whereas if I got the timing right those turn out
to be the 34,000 that 50,000 even all over it to 120,000 impressions with several hundred likes
in columns etc so timing is kind of a relevance but not so much like a half-speed path 3 p.m.
or has to be at 10 p.m. just be kind of in the morning hours or in the afternoon hours
have just know the type of posts that perform in those timeframes questions on the daily cadence
and the kind of schedule of what when to post what you're going to post
yeah um I'll run through these and then we can all put up for questions and we can also just
dive into actually LinkedIn stuff um okay this one's gonna be pretty quick because we already
talked about this guys this is your funnel okay this is how the funnel should go
whenever you are posting and I would say also inject whenever you're doing your commenting
because that's kind of like injecting into this track your triggers so stop looking at notifications
that you go boosters they are leads track these for engagements comments profile views and new
connections those are the four sorry those are your that's what you want to live in you have to
look at these four metrics so if I go over here they go back to my my post this is a personal post
um let's go to this one as a as the example so right here you have four funnels four funnels
that this that this can bring you leads funnel number one and obviously out of order of importance
um you can actually know if not have importance you can view analytics um yeah okay so this is
of importance number one think of it as like a think of it as like a what it took for them to
get to this point that's how I look at it so number one is if they viewed my profile I look at
those first on every single post I scrape this data because this is this is how you're going to
get people this how you're going to ramp up your profile and how you're going to get sales fast
what I'd be right here like look um I come down I go over to my post you won't be able to do
this one for comments whenever you are posting you go to view analytics you scroll down and you say
it looks who viewed your profile since this post CEO board member AI educator this person is
right I've actually message and talked with him didn't end up being a good fit for both but but
you sit here and you say show all if there are dozens of people literally dozens of people it shows
you and this is only on premium this is why you have to have uh LinkedIn premium but he will show
you who viewed your profile since that post that means they not only saw your post maybe they didn't
engage maybe they didn't comment but they clicked on your profile and that is the most that's the
best metric profile views is your best metric because they they they went to the they went as far as
getting to you as possible so you come here if you're not connected with them right here technical
sales history AI animation scale strategy I don't know why I haven't connected with this guy
and I need to because I need to come in here and um I need I need to connect with this guy
because he's in a similar space maybe he needs um white level services maybe he needs
training on how to sell on how to build I want to connect with him and so I come down here now to
farm all of these profile views first because that means they saw my post and they got to me so I
farm these first okay but again you implement the funnel you click on them you read up on them
you connect with them you send a personal connection um notes and then you let us sit and then
if they reach back out to you if they accept the connection request you start a human conversation
with them you to ask them about them they tell you about them they ask you about what you do you tell
them what you do and then either they'll naturally ask you more or you can just kind of leave the
conversation with hey thanks for conversation if you know anybody who's interested in AI
animation or who needs help cleaning up their technology stack um or do you know anybody who need
these services so a DM conversation can either end with them asking directly what you have to offer
or you just give me a soft um elusive pitch to someone they know and if they resonate with it they'll
bite as well um yeah so first you start off with people who viewed your profile from that post
then you look at um I then go from views to comments or actually views you can also look at I don't
have repost on there because it doesn't happen too often but you can look at people who've reposted
it because that means they resonate really well with it you can click on that and you will actually
see who has um reposted it and then I would engage with them they just get his third plus first
first so I need to engage with this guy because I don't connect with him for whatever reason right
blah blah blah then you go down the funnel of comments because if they commented on your post
they're willing to engage even more and that's when I would come down here and go to most recent
and then I will literally come down and I will scrape all of these people and funnel them into my
funnel as well then at the end of all that I then go and you can actually click on these likes
and it will show you every single person who liked your post and so then I just go down this list
and I literally on the computer you can just open the new tab if you do a click on Mac it's
command click um and you can actually click and open into a new tab read up on them connect with
them start the funnel process right then and there okay so not only are you starting your funnel
process by potentially getting them as a lead but you're also building your network and you're
building your following because then their connections might like your content and
follow you or connect with you um and then that kind of builds that builds the whole cycle over and
over again it kind of self um it gives you kind of a spinning wheel it'll kind of keep feeding itself
so that is the these triggers are these functions are these um is the true funnel right because it
allows you to find people who are very warm leads you can have a natural and normal conversation
with them because they engage with your post in one way shape or another or they they viewed your
profile um and that is where I always start my lead process with any questions on that strategy
that funnel has made me a lot of money and it started a lot of conversations yeah Corey
not specifically the strategy which version I'm premium do you recommend
of the business business not sales navigator I would do business it's cheaper um you don't get
the whole sales navigator ecosystem you don't need it you just want to be able to see who views
your profile because that's a premium um the premium things are uh actually being able to see who
views your profile that's big um and then it also allows you to have unlimited connection requests
notes those are the two big ones that allow it and you also get to see a lot more analytics
okay so premium business not not the premium whatever career no not career no you you want to do
business yeah yep thank you question yep of course okay all right um yeah things in premium
um you also get that button like I talked with that custom button that's really good so get that
premium great it's worth it it's like 75 bucks I think you might get a discount when you first
sign up um but it is you might really give you guys a discount I remember seeing them say if I
can share oh here you go I give to two month free tree of premium career oh I can only
give them a career one mistakes they run suddenly what's the career one I have a referral link
you know give you two months free but I thought I can give you the one that I have um anyways
I was okay yeah very message so I do have like a template that sometimes I will copy and paste
into it um that looks like this I'll drop this let's go to um if they engage so this is I do have
like some templates I sometimes will copy and paste as like starters okay if they engage
you have for something you do in a post one of us say what's out and introduce myself that line
right there has has done really well for me if they view my profile I say hey start you checking
on my profile want to see what's up and introduce myself appreciate you stopping by very quick very
snappy um hey if somebody has if somebody viewed my profile recently um I didn't get to
it round to it hey so you're checking my profile recently are there questions you have for me
and then I'll usually have that template and then spice it up with something personal like a
question like hey um so it's very state many just want to say hi introduce yourself appreciate
something by that opens the door today ask I can question like hey saw that you're um the CEO
at this company how has AI been affecting you recently or hey what are your thoughts on open
claw don't just say what do you do because they're not gonna be like let's give you like okay that's
they're just trying to start something if you if you're like hey how has AI shaken up your employees
make it very a good question and they'll they'll engage with you and they'll respond to you
um last thing yeah but again I'm talking about the flow this is within your DMs start a real
conversation get them talking with their business and the struggles wait for them to ask what you do
that as your invitation for to speak if they don't ever ask sometimes people just they're
there's like a great I just let it be and I don't engage more I don't force a sale if somebody
doesn't want to engage then I just hurt you before you what you'd rather end on good terms with them
um as like you just thumbs up their message if they put a really generic one uh then
burn a bridge by being over salesy you'll go find somebody else the indirect pitch if they fit
your target client profile don't pitch them directly yet ask do you know this is also from
Alchromosi do you know anyone in your network looking for blank it's a low pressure and
often least is the same wait I actually need that I've done this several times um you just say hey
do you know anybody who's interested in learning how to sell AI automations and agents um I'm
running a course right now this is what it is do you know anybody sometimes they're like hey I
actually do have some people might be interested let me go send it to them or hey I actually
am interested in this could I talk to you about this and then it gets a conversation started that
way um if they haven't been on the right you can gently ask if they've been quick chat about your
services so that you can't do this um if if any if you think that they're a good fit and they're just
kind of being cold you could say hey we'll let's chat sometime we're interested in you know connecting
I don't do that too often because I think it's too pushy but I do I have in my notes I do have
as an option but like here drop it rule they say no drop it don't be worried keep their relationship
healthy I've had people who have you know ghosted me in my DMs who have never responded
spontaneously react we reach out and say hey I saw your post and I have a referral for you or hey
I want to hire you for this last thing the graceful exit sign up generally a note today is
a no forever stay in their orbit keep posting your content and they might come back in six months
when the pain point gets worse um overall the overall thing like I said is is this is in the DMs
this is where after all that work the work of the posts the work of the comments you get them
talking you can immediately create a connection and if you create a connection and you are the
automation person or you're the AI person and you've created that connection with them you'll be
their first go to or if you say or if you're like hey let's book a fifteen minute call that
will get you in the door to show them what you're able to do or show them what could be possible
and that um it then converts them from just a cold or even like a warm prospect to now engage
prospect that you're meeting with you're chatting with your conversation with answering questions
for etc any questions about the DM strategy
okay this again um if I go back over here so this this uh it's called this deal so six came on
the three three about I mean it could be more about eighteen thousand dollar project that I closed
this was a referral from somebody else that was just in my network and they wanted to
widely on my service but I've known them and have been connected with them for months and they
we chatted just in our DMs they're like hey I don't need your stuff but if I know somebody who does
then I'll reach out and they did and they reached out with a really warm lead we got to call with
them I was able to close them they're getting a cut of the the proceeds the obviously they're
getting like referral fee or they're they're doing business with the person and then I give them a
discount off of the build etc so um anyways but the one I'm saying is the power of is this was a
DM that I just was talking with the person and nothing really came of it but then it led to them
saying hey somebody wants to build an app Tanner talked to me one time I know his profile I know
what he does I refer to him in my close video everybody wins um and then let's see and then
actually this one too this one right here this both of these leads these two big projects that
I just closed both of them were indirect connections that were referrals from people and it all
came from the DM strategy I just showed you just because they weren't um ICPs they were in the same
space or same area that I work in that they had reach to find people who need these services
all right I know five minutes I don't want to it's already been almost two hours do you
guys have any comments questions or concerns in regards to this LinkedIn funnel strategy from
the foundation to start it from zero to what kind of content produced to the funnel and to the
actual DM sales itself any questions or comments yes so just like walk us through like like a normal
week of like of posting right so like would you say so that like there's five like okay so like
five like five posts right you had like three pillars so like would like would like two of them
be like personal would three of them be like another pillar like what would that kind of look like
your question so typically I don't you can schedule post out pretty far um
I typically don't like that because I like I just personally like writing in the moment
if you're a person who's really had a thinking you can schedule out um for me personally if you
want to like if I want to walk you through what I do is in the morning really in the morning I go
and I start kind of farming for my but look at this right here I have a pushing back on the
by-coding iPhone apps developers say like this is a very it has really good reactions really
good comments really good posts um I would come on here I would see that I would immediately
screenshot it and start writing a post I would read up on the information and that would be my
morning news or trending post so I wake up in the morning first thing in morning as I get it I
get on LinkedIn I start farming for content for my morning because I know I need to have a morning
when I want to get ahead of the game and that morning one I need to have something there
getting ready to go with this one it's kind of hard to do like scheduling an advance because
things change every single day so this one I can't really push out so I would come on every day
I would look for something interesting and I would take it and I would make my own version of it
um then after that that same day I would um sometimes I will just literally go on my phone
for my personal one and I'll start scrolling through pictures I'll start looking for memories
for moments that I think are are relevant that are cool um that are interesting that it's like a
story and I'll just kind of scroll through I'll find one I'll use that as the image
and then I'll start writing the post right then now those if I have something if I'm
scrolling through I find like three or four that I really like those personal posts are timeless
so if you have a couple of these sit down and you're like in the mode or if you're like a planner
and you're like hey I want to plan these out so that I know that they're there then you can sit
down and you can kind of form those to be scheduled out into the future um then uh and then
growth so for me I literally post I post I try to post three times a day and I try hitting one
of these every single day because it's not so much a when it's more of just like it's like a timing
thing I know growth works well in the mornings I know growth works are sorry authority works
really well in the afternoons and personal typically work in the afternoons evenings and so I try
hitting three times because the concept is these are your ads like people who are paying for meta ads
they don't have a cadence they don't care that it's going it's it's hitting so it's like being
almost annoying for people some people like oh if I post too much is being annoying as long as you're
not posting just garbage if you're posting good stuff post as much as you want and it doesn't
have to be on a certain cadence it can be just whenever you have a feeling whatever you have a thought
or something happens to you make a quick post or I have post like four or five times a day um
but it's just because that's what I wanted to post I just wanted to post like this one
let me post it right before this call um this one I had just made a post and put it out there um
see this one I got an email from cursor and I made a post and sent it uh this one I did plan I had this
one ready um this one was my morning time you see 10 hours ago I found this this uh little
meme-ish post and I made it I mean I think weren't it right so the growth ones are typically not
planned out but the personal ones sometimes I do sit down and I say hey I want to have a personal
post every single day or every other day and then I want to have a cool project post on the
office of days or every single day as well and then I plan those out kind of build it out and push
out so those the growth growth
sorry Sam oh no no I wasn't saying anything sorry I know you're good um yeah so yeah the growth one
would that one typically has to be like the day of um but the other ones you can play now
and I do I if I if I'm sitting there like I have some good ideas are I'm building some cool things
I'll typically write a couple posts schedule them out you can go up to the
and just go over to create a post and you can schedule it for later and you can just pick a day
pick a time and let it just sit there the entry question Doug oh yeah so that's that's kind
of how you you think about it yeah like because I was kind of asking because like you had like
the three three pillars was like um like personal meme and then like one more right so like I was
just kind of curious if you like you know we're like oh you know let me do like two memes and then
like you know one personal and then like one more project or like something like that you know
so like yeah that that kind of makes sense yeah it like to me it kind of you kind of plan it out
like you kind of plan out like I think the memes slash like news in the morning which I think
makes sense uh and then but from there it kind of feels like you're just kind of you just kind
of post what you feel like kind of thing like if like I might be wrong about that but yeah no it
there's there's definitely a blend so yeah in my mind I know I need the like I said it doesn't
you don't have to make it you can make it as rich as you want for me it's like I know I have a
an afternoon slot that can produce revenue for me and that is either in the form of a
personal or a building public thing now for me at the stage that I'm at um I oh look
dropped but um the stage that I'm at is oh here you go I think he's trying to join back in
there you go you're back um the stage that I'm at is I'm always
so many cool things in my opinion I get to build really fun things so it's kind of like I don't
know what I'm built tomorrow so whatever I build I kind of put together little synopsis of it and
then I will sometimes put it out um for like an afternoon slot in like the next day or something
like that um in my the way that I have it is it's more like I need to fill a morning in an afternoon
slot every day at least so whether that's a personal or whether that's an authority I kind of dictate
as it needs be but I know that one of those two posts will perform well in that given slot does that
make sense so you're posting twice a day I post so I post at least twice a day a morning slot
and an afternoon slot okay yeah that makes sense most time I post three times I use it post
morning afternoon and evening just because I want to get as much Reese as possible yeah well
because like it's it's interesting to see like LinkedIn is literally like
I mean to my understanding the only client acquisition method that you use it is the only one
which is insane like like and I was kind of curious about this to like what are your thoughts on like
YouTube and all the little bit like short form platforms you have to think what what's the audience
two things what's the audience and what is the the market saturation so that's why LinkedIn is
pride yeah they're only like 5% less than I would say about 2% of the content of the people on the
platform are producing content like true content whereas I'll use or TikTok or Instagram then
numbers up to like 70 or 80% majority of people on there are actually posting stuff so there's
a saturation piece and then you have to think only then that's where the people's median
median like salary is like in the 90,000s and up so they have the buying power whereas
on Instagram or TikTok or YouTube you have somebody who can be broke or in like the majority
of the people the the audience isn't who you want to be hired by as an automation specialist
building an implement AI in businesses yeah so my approach was I'm going to waste time on those
platforms if I know this is where the people I need to be talking to exist that's right yeah yeah
because you know like I don't know I was kind of thinking of doing both LinkedIn and YouTube
specifically because like you look at guys like Nate Herc and like Nick Nick Sarah right like they're
making like a low low to money like hundreds of thousand dollars thousands of dollars per month
but like they don't just do like they don't just fund their agency like they're probably making
a lot of it from courses which is the kind of thing but yeah so that's yeah but yeah so I mean
so like that was my my like paradigm like oh like I probably should be doing YouTube but
it's like LinkedIn has a lot of power right I'm like you you showed like real like strategies too of like
you know it's not just posting and gathering clients from in from an inbound perspective
it's it's also outbound which I sound pretty pretty interesting too so I mean it's it's interesting
but it's also it makes you money like it's proven yeah but that's the thing is is people they
they said they just show up and they don't think I just have to post and that's the only way
when we get successful LinkedIn no it's not there are so many other avenues that you can go in to
find and just build your reach and get conversations because even if I know that you're
ICP they might know the ICP or they might have somebody who is the ICP so just connect with everybody
like some people are like don't connect like you do want to kind of keep it but yes there are
and like I said like LinkedIn has literally generated me in my Stripe account alone has generated
me $81,000 in revenue that's sick that's awesome it's like that's not including people who have
zeled me it's not including people who have then moved me in that form like yeah it's it's nuts
and so I'm not saying it's like to brag or but like if you want numbers I and I had the same
mindset at the beginning too I was like oh I want to get reached I want to do a YouTube you can
see I did that I started YouTube I started an Instagram I still kind of post on there whenever time
comes but every time I was like why am I doing this LinkedIn is what's the cash flow generator
yeah that is where I need to be putting all of my marbles in to get started and then now that I'm
at this place I am now starting to become the Nate Herk of spreading over and starting courses
starting a community where I can start getting to MRR well you know it's cash flow and validation
yeah yeah um because yeah I was gonna I was gonna tell you something else um yeah because like
the only post that I've made on my LinkedIn and like I've only gotten I've gotten two clients
so far who who reached out to me so like which is which is cool like they they found me they
reached out to me they were like hey like I'm trying to automate you know this and I was like okay
let's hop on a call and figure it out and then so you know I'm working with with the those two
clients right now but the only kinds of posts that I post are just my past projects right so like
showcases my knowledge and my skill set right and then like you know that's it so like that's
what's been working um you know I mean but like you know I don't like it's not like I'm
working on a new project every day or week right it's very like situational so like you know
you know I definitely need to post you know more stuff so like the the content pillars that you
that you talked about were we're actually good right because like it actually like gives I feel like
now I can like um actually like post something rather than like just like my projects yeah
which is good yeah that's the I'm so glad to hear that dude just like that's the idea it it gives you
and it gave me it's like today I didn't have anything to post so yeah I'm going to go find a
personal thing to post about it doesn't matter because that that also it diversifies your profile
you know it's not like this guy's only posting this one thing and it's kind of like getting
redundant and kind of boring you want to spice it up a little bit and give a little hot take you
and give a little a take on a current event or I was something personal about a life that was
touching where that was hard or experienced somebody that's like you're post people are coming
back to us like this guy's interesting if he's interesting I'm not sure how long do you have here
because we're we're 10 minutes over but the other score is okay if he's cool just chilling
hanging out so I want to make sure I'm just listening man go keep going so what are your thoughts
on like lead magnets so because like I see a lot of posts on LinkedIn like you know I'm in
lawd for this like set of skills or like this prompt or whatever and then it like sends
like you know it's like a automated message to like let's say let's say a school or like a news
letter or something like that what are your thoughts on like those kinds of posts uh my personal
opinion I've done those sometimes just trying to see how they work yeah um they're kind of scammy
to me I don't feel like they're they're like quality content um anytime that have done it I've
actually like had something like paid if you want this workflow just tell me and I can so like
obviously I want you to connect with me and I want to be like DM you um but I've found that if you
don't kind of like ask people to ask you they'll ask you and who those who do ask you are more
interested that makes sense like like the the post I'll I have a post about an i message like
the sign message one right yeah um I didn't say if you wanted um send me a DM I had a little
plug I said hey come talk everything selling eight building out of motions in our community right
it was a plug but like wasn't like a comment cloud to get this comment I message get it
is just the people you know people come in and like hey can you send that to me or hey I would
love to see that can I have that and so it's almost like I didn't say I was gonna give it to
them so then they asked they had asked in funnel it through yeah because like I feel like you know
when you say in a post like if you want this workflow or system send me a DM and we'll talk about
like that's like the worst freaking thing you get sick like yeah you just kind of like oh come take
me like now I'm gonna not do that yeah right that's honestly that was my yeah I don't think
I don't think it's a good tactic I mean people obviously do it and some people a lot of people
bite but like if they bite too oftentimes those aren't qualified leads they kind of want to get in
they want it you're not looking for those kind of people you want somebody who's gonna like be a
lasting they're commenting to engage and then you get them in the end and you start having a
real conversation with them yeah yeah that's right yeah so because like you you don't work with
one niche right you just kind of work with like whoever yeah mind if I tell people my niche
is the service itself and you know interesting because I mean you can go about different ways I mean
somebody like you could be like hey I'm only an HVAC guy when I started out I was like
and that limits me yeah I didn't like that idea like being just the HVAC guy that did
automation for me it was more like like your automation guy that's my niche you need automation
you come to me in my opinion every business needs automation every business needs AI regardless
of your type so I'm not losing my niche is more like the decision maker the CEO the CTO the
NEC suite or founder co-founder whatever it is that's who I want to get to that's my niche
but who I target what I what I talk about is my niche automation NAN even is a niche that's
what I specifically do I do other things but most of my content is revolving around this idea
that I use NAN primarily right there yeah yeah I'm gonna really like rewatch the recording of
this call to really like dial in from a from a LinkedIn content perspective well and also just like
the the outbound side of things like I really really kind of changed my paradigm around
like the outbound part changed my paradigm around LinkedIn because like you know it's one thing
to just like post and then like hope people like send you a message but like actually like you
know putting in that time to you know outreach to people to you know build build your build your
network because like that's really what it is it's like yes building your network and then
but like not like having conversations with people but not being like salesy yes and like
that's what I what I'm doing now like I get like recruiters messaging me but you know I'm not
ready to leave my full-time job so like what I what I do is I say like oh like is there any
possible way I could work on a on a freelancing basis and then like nine times out of 10 they say no
but it's like you know it's like the I mean I mean it's well I mean as well ask you know I mean like
but not so you know I so I get like some some people reach now to me but yeah no so I'm
gonna really lock in on the the content strategy side of things but then also the outbound
side of things as well do you dial it it it when I found that out you're going and you're getting
your connections you're getting you're building your own you're not waiting for someone's
going to build it for you but in doing that simultaneously my following grows organically too
so like for every person I connect with I get five followers just because my content is performing
well and so those are people those are people that didn't have to work for so the better I get at
the outbound the bigger my my thing grows and then the better I connect with that person the more
they engage with my posts and so literally if you I'm not making it like that's the thing is
you run like people are not utilizing LinkedIn they are utilizing it wrong and that's also why it's
like dude you can't do this on Instagram you can't do this on on YouTube you can't go find people
very well this is the place because you can literally you can see other people's comments you can
dive into there you can scrape you can literally feed off of those people and because you can
comment on a comment so comment on the comment engage with their quote quote post of a post
that gets them a warm connect with them talk with them be human and then a conversation starts
from there yeah yeah yeah I mean so this this question like kind of isn't like lengthened related
per se but like and this might be a harder question to answer but how do you go about
about pricing and scope well yeah I guess pricing and scoping your projects
accurately right so like you know I like the biggest deal that I've closed was a $1,500
setup $300 per month retainer for a for a blog system to help with like we're ranking in
the search like for websites so but like I don't know like I just kind of threw that number out
there like that just kind of like oh like that that'd be a cool price let me just throw that out
there yeah you know but then like on the other hand like I built another system for a recruiting
agency that like it because like the process he was doing manually was when he would call up a
prospect that he was like trying to place into into a job right he would call he would take the
call recording he would he would transcribe it like he was doing all this manual he would
download the call transcribe it put the transcript into into AI right he would have and then you
would take the summary and then put it into his into his CRM software right so like I
made a system that programmatically just automates all that right it's beautiful
um but I charged 600 bucks for it yeah yeah I probably could have charged a lot more and at
least a monthly retainer because it's it is it's saving him a lot of time right so like
um yeah yeah let me there is a lot of kind of spring pray I'll tell you that like I did that
the beginning it's hard to really dial in the quickest way that sometimes it doesn't always
doesn't always work for the kind of situations but the best answer is you ask them questions always
asking questions like for that guy you would have said hey how long are you taking to do this
oh takes me about honestly an hour every day okay seven hours a week what is your rate like are
you working as an employee or you are you a co-founder you're like at the executive how much would
you price your hourly rate be it's like all I'm worth five hundred bucks an hour great okay so if we
automate this um then if we automate this then that's going to save you 3500 dollars a week
that's going to save you well bad math but 1515 thousand dollars a month that gives you a
baseline of like okay well I can I can do this project for two thousand dollars one time price
and then you'll charge you five hundred bucks a month just have it running for you or whatever
and that's going to save you time and for them they see the value most of the time though
and I'll answer this and I got a bounce but most of the time though sometimes I don't really
want to get into the nitty-gritty because I don't know sometimes I'm like hey I can just take care
of this I found out like a fifteen hundred dollars a seventeen fifty I more try to like take
the scope and put it into what I know how long it takes and then I kind of just like put out the
price of like my standard automation is about 15 hundred to 1750 a pop and that's just what I
usually charge that um and that's that's what I find those two numbers are usually the best
amount of money to kind of cover the cost of it and also like and then I would and then I do a
maintenance retainer about like a 10 to 20 percent of the build price a month just
yes yeah that makes sense that's that was kind of like how I've been thinking about it to like
yeah you know um you know it like per project if I could get you know to like the like I was just
saying this to someone not not too long ago if I could you know per per project be at like
fifteen hundred to two k set up and then like three hundred to five hundred dollar retainer
that's fine by me like I'm really okay with that there's really too much to think that's either
kind of like what you're willing to do and then also for bigger ones you do more like value-based
yeah yeah for sure yeah well uh we guys very very valuable call I really appreciate that
dude well I'm glad you sent you found the value Cory hopefully you did too yep thanks guys
okay we'll talk next week see you guys bye bye
